Improve the search bar documentation, cover all available locators (#320)
opengisch/QField-docs: documentation/how-to/search.en.md

---
title: Search bar
tx_slug: documentation_how-to_search
---

# Search bar

QField is equipped with a nifty search bar which allows you to search for

> features within project's vector layers, to go to an entered coordinatesm and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
features within project's vector layers, to go to entered coordinates and more.
```

## Usage
:material-tablet: Fieldwork

> Tap on the *Search button* on the top-right corner of the screen to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tap on the *Search button* in the top-right corner of the screen to
```
